CREAR API
Deberéis crear una API en Node.js utilizando Express y Mongoose. Dicha API contendrá los siguientes endpoints:
Endpoints de la API:
GET /: Endpoint para traer toda la información paginada de 10 en 10
GET /id/:_id: Endpoint para buscar  por player_id.
GET /short_name/:short_name: Endpoint para buscar por nombre de jugador
GET : Endpoint para buscar los 10 jugadores que más cobran
Despliegue:
Despliega la API en Render.


CONSUMIR API
Se testeará la API utilizando POSTMAN, la librería requests de python o cualquier otra opcion que pueda hacer conexiones de tipo API Rest. 


EXTRA:
Desde un NB (o desde un streamlit ya sería la leche!) pedis los datos de un jugador concreto y mostrais un radar chart con sus atributos

Documentación:
Documenta la API utilizando SWAGGER.






**ORIGEN DE LOS DATOS:
Context
The datasets provided include the players data for the Career Mode from FIFA 15 to EA Sports FC 24. The data allows multiple comparisons for the same players across the last 10 versions of the videogame.
Content
Every player, coach, and team available in FIFA 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, and also EA Sports FC 24
All FIFA updates from 10th September 2015 until 22nd September 2023
109 attributes for players, 8 attributes for coaches, and 54 attributes for teams
URL of the scraped players, coaches, and teams
Player positions, with the role in the club and in the national team
Player attributes with statistics as Attacking, Skills, Defense, Mentality, GK Skills, etc.
Player personal data like Nationality, Club, DateOfBirth, Wage, Salary, etc.
Team data regarding their coaches, their overall value, and tactics
Acknowledgements
Data has been scraped from the publicly available website sofifa.com.
As described in https://sofifa.com/robots.txt, there is no limitation at the time of scraping for collecting data for FIFA players, coaches, and teams.
Limitations to scraping the website only relate to player comparisons and API.
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/stefanoleone992/ea-sports-fc-24-complete-player-dataset/data







